feat(draft): SAP Fiori Elements Mass Edit (#639)
cap-js/docs: node.js/fiori.md

cds.drafts.cancellationTimeout=1h
```

> ### Bypassing Draft Restrictions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Bypassing the SAP Fiori Draft Flow
```

> Creating or modifying active instances directly is possible without creating a draft first. Add this to your cds
> configuration to enable this feature and bypass draft restrictions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating or modifying active instances directly is possible without creating drafts. This comes in handy when technical services without a UI interact with each other.

To enable this feature, set this feature flag in your configuration:
```

cds.drafts.cancellationTimeout=1h
```

> ### SAP Fiori Elements Mass Edit

Reviewer 2: I'm thinking of making it more general, with Fiori Elements Mass Edit being only one application.
We frequently have the use case of machines (e.g. workflow) trying to modify instances, where the requirement of creating a draft first is unwanted.

Hence, I'd propose to say something like:

```md
# Bypassing Draft

It is possible to create or modify active instances directly, without creating a draft first. To enable this feature, you need to set the configuration option `cds.fiori.bypass_draft`, e.g. in your package.json file:

```json
{
  "cds": {
    "fiori": {
      "bypass_draft": true
    }
  }
}
```

You can then create active instances directly

```http
POST /Books

{
  "ID": 123,
  "IsActiveEntity": true
}

and modify them directly

```http
PATCH /Books(ID=123,IsActiveEntity=true)

{
  "title": "How to be more active"
}
```

:::warning
Be aware that this feature creates an additional entry point to your application. Custom handlers might require
adaptations because the handlers are triggered with delta payloads instead of the complete business object.
:::

Reviewer: I agree with David. I'd propose to make it more generic and have SAP Fiori Mass Edit as one of the use cases.

cds.drafts.cancellationTimeout=1h
```

### Bypassing the SAP Fiori Draft Flow

Creating or modifying active instances directly is possible without creating drafts. This comes in handy when technical services without a UI interact with each other.

To enable this feature, set this feature flag in your configuration:

```json
{
  "cds": {
    "fiori": {
      "bypass_draft": true
    }
  }
}
```

You can then create active instances directly:

```http
POST /Books

{
  "ID": 123,
  "IsActiveEntity": true
}

> ```

Reviewer 3: As we have request here, can we also have a sample response to this request? Steffen Waldmann experimented with how to structure this in capire here: https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/guides/multitenancy/mtxs#get-extensions-id-%E2%86%92-id-csn-timestamp

> and modify them directly:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can modify them directly:
```

}
```

> This feature is required to enable SAP Fiori Elements Mass Edit, allowing users to change multiple objects with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is required to enable (https://sapui5.hana.ondemand.com/sdk/#/topic/965ef5b2895641bc9b6cd44f1bd0eb4d.html), allowing users to change multiple objects with the
```

same editable properties without creating drafts for each row.

:::warning

> Note that this feature creates an additional entry point to your application. Custom handlers are triggered with delta

Reviewer: I'd recommend to put the warning on top to make it more obvious.

> Note that this feature creates an additional entry point to your application. Custom handlers are triggered with delta
> payloads rather than the complete business object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this feature creates additional entry points to your application. Custom handlers are triggered with delta
payloads rather than the complete business object.
```
